CI-4054 adding `AEM as a Cloud Service` integration docs (#50)
AdobeDocs/adobeio-events: aem/aem_skyline_install.md

## Integrate with AEM as a Cloud Service

This documentation is specific to `AEM as a Cloud Service` set up.

To integrate with `AEM on premise`, please refer to the other associated [documentation](aem_on_premise_install.md).

### Pre-release provisioning

If you are an existing `AEM as a Cloud Service` customer, please contact your Adobe representative

> and provide him with the list of AEM author's public urls you want Adobe I/O to expose as `Events Providers`. 

Reviewer: ... and provide them...   (not: him)

## Integrate with AEM as a Cloud Service

> This documentation is specific to `AEM as a Cloud Service` set up, to integrate with `AEM on premise` 
> please refer to the other associated [documentation](aem_on_premise_install.md).

Reviewer 2: Shall we break this statement into two separate statements?
```suggestion
This documentation is specific to `AEM as a Cloud Service` set up.
To integrate with `AEM on premise`, please refer to the other associated [documentation](aem_on_premise_install.md).
```

Author: done

### Pre-release provisioning

> If you are an existing `AEM as a Cloud Service` customer, please contact your Adobe representative providing your AEM authors public urls.

Reviewer: author's

Author: done

> If you are an existing `AEM as a Cloud Service` customer, please contact your Adobe representative providing your AEM authors public urls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are an existing `AEM as a Cloud Service` customer, please contact your Adobe representative for providing your AEM author's public urls.
```

Author: rephrased

> For that, log-in to [your cloud manager](my.cloudmanager.adobe.com/) space, look up your authors environments

Reviewer: author's

Author: done

  ![Cloud Manager Environments](../img/cloud_manager_environments.png "Cloud Manager Environments")

> Select from this list the environments public url you want Adobe I/O to expose as `Events Providers` . 

Reviewer: environment's

Author: rephrased

> As soon as the Adobe I/O team is done provisioning it, your new `AEM as a Cloud Service` `Events Providers` should appear in the Adobe I/O console.

Reviewer: This part is not clear to the reader, they don't know who the Adobe I/O team is, or what they need to ask to make this happen. Not sure if @kgera has a suggestion for how to improve this.

Reviewer 2: I agree. Maybe we should add an external facing DL with both our team members and some of Skyline team members and quote that DL here.

Author: I rephrased this section and remove the reference to the Adobe I/O team.

>   ![An Adobe I/O Console `AEM as a Cloud Service` Events Provider](../img/add_skyline_event_provider.png "An Adobe I/O Console `AEM as a Cloud Service` Events Provider")

Reviewer 2: Also, I am not sure if this is easily understood by the outside world. Should we add more screenshots on how to access this provider from console?

Author: I added a link to a related doc

see [Experience Manager Cloud Manager - Help - Accessing Git ](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-cloud-manager/using/managing-code/accessing-git.html) 
for further instructions,
3. [Deploy it](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-cloud-manager/using/how-to-use/deploying-code.html) 

### Configure Adobe I/O authentication

To secure the calls between Adobe I/O and AEM, we leverage an oAuth JWT exchange token flow.
This flow uses a certificate to sign the JWT request and therefore requires certificates configurations
on both ends. Please look at our documentations:
* first [set up a keystore on AEM](aem_keystore_setup.md) 
* then [set up an AEM workspace in Adobe I/O console](aem_console_setup.md)

Once these 2 setups are done, you should have:

* created a public/private certificate key and an associated keystore
* added the keystore into the AEM `eventproxy-service` user&rsquo;s keystores vault.
* created an Adobe I/O Console project and workspace using the public certificate

You are now ready to finalize the Adobe IMS configuration needed by Adobe I/O Events:

> 1. Open the Cloud Services console, or select the **Security** icon, and then select **Adobe IMS Configurations**.

Reviewer 2: Cloud Services console?

Author: good catch it's the `Tools` section not the `Cloud Services`

     * For **Payload**: Provide the JWT payload available in the `Generate JWT` tab of your credentials `Service Account (JWT)` page in your Adobe I/O Console workspace
  
   ![Adobe I/O Console Generate JWT tab](../img/console_generate_jwt_tab.png "Adobe I/O Console Generate JWT tab")

4. Click **Create**

    ![Adobe IMS Configuration IMS account form](../img/events_aem_adobe-ims-conf-3.png "Adobe IMS Configuration IMS account form")

5. Now you should see this new Adobe IO Events IMS Configuration, and you can select it to check its health.

     ![Adobe IMS Configuration IMS Health Check](../img/events_aem_adobe-ims-conf-4.png "Adobe IMS Configuration Health Check")
      

### Ping Events 

Now you can start verifying that your `AEM as a Cloud Service` environment is emitting events to Adobe I/O.
To do that register a new [webhook](../intro/webhook_docs_intro.md) or start pulling events from this new source using the [journaling API](../intro/journaling_api.md).

Make sure you register to receive `OSGI Ping Event`

   ![Select OSGI Ping Event](../img/select_osgi_ping_event.png "Select OSGI Ping Event")
 

> If your webhook regitration is active, every minutes or so, 

Reviewer: minute (singular)

Author: done

> If your webhook regitration is active, every minutes or so, 

Reviewer 2: Please also fix the typo -
```suggestion
If your webhook registration is active, every minute or so, 
```

Author: done
